<p>This moon functions as the setting's sun. By comparison it is much larger compared to the other moons, close to the size of Eberron itself. It is the largest source of light for the world, but not heat. Its manifest zones cause the ground to be extremely fertile, sometimes allowing multiple harvests a year. It is believed by some to have associations with the Couatl of legend. Healing and restoration magic is also much stronger here, while necromancy tends to be less effective.</p>

<p>This moon is the second brightest in the sky, functioning as a sort of second sun. Most heat in the world comes from Fernia, with summer cycles being closely related to its orbit. Manifest zones typically result in deserts in the middle of otherwise fertile lands. Some zones also have the strange effect of preventing creatures from lying, or disabling illusions. Documentation from Giant contact relates this esoteric effect to the Devils and Angels that make their home here. Fire magic and magic relating to the truth or dispelling other magic works better, while magic related to the cold or deceptions tends to fail more frequently.</p>                           

<p>According to Giant texts, much travel took place to this plane ages ago. It is described as endless fields with consistently perfect weather, never reaching night, only twilight at its darkest. Manifest Zones are fairly rare with the only documented areas being Sharn and a forest in Arenal. Wind and air magic, alongside magic that effects gravity sees more potential and creatures have an easier time resisting magic that forces them to act against their will.</p>                           

<p>Another plane that the Giants seem to have made much contact with. The land is mostly frozen and besieged in constantly raging storms. It is believed that the entire continent of Everice is a manifest zone of Risia and Stormhome is the result of a much smaller, weaker one. Watching its position in the sky in relation to Fernia and Syrania allows experts to fairly accurately predict the weather and how long or harsh a coming winter will be. Due to most manifest zones taking place over the ocean or on a inhospitable continent, it is not known what is affected other than the associated elemental energy.</p>

<p> Home to the Fae, the related zones are rarely interacted with anyone other than druidic sects, who typically keep these locations secret. It can be infered that this is a source of their powers. The Archfey have near total control over the plane, and through this the manifest zones as well. There are many stories of pockets of wood having a different season than the surrounding area, and some even having a completely different flow in time. Effects that charm or dazzle have a much stronger sway under Thalanis' influence as well as making magic in general more difficult to dispel or counter.</p>

<p>It is widely believed that the lycanthropic curse originated from this wild plane of existence. Also home to some of the wilder, darker Fae, Lamannia houses all manner of beasts, some long thought to be extinct. Primal elementals are also commonly summoned from this realm, as they have a slightly weaker connection to it compared to one of their own element. It is also believed to be a source of powerfor the inhuman rage of barbarians. Conjuration magic is much easier to perform underits influence as well as enhancing certain magical non-spell abilities. Magic that has little to with the primal forces of nature or destruction find themselves easier to be resisted however.</p>

<p>This is one of the few planes with very little information, due mostly to its very long orbit, nearly 1000 years! It is thought that each cycle has brought a new age of technology or a rise between different species. Of course, civilization still improves and changes even without Daanvi's presence, but it also cannot be ignored that the greatest jumps are when it is near. It is also said that the dragonmarksfirst started appearing during one of Daanvi's zeniths. Its manifest zones are rather subtle compared to others, but in particular, ritual or enchanting magic seems to gain the most effects. It is also theorized that 'null zones', where magic is largely unable to function,are a type of manifest zone of Daanvi.</p>

<p>This strange, apparently liquid, moon seems to have no orbit at all, either wildly flailing across the sky or sometimes appearing in a difference section of space from night to night. It is because of this that it is believed that all magic involving transporting matter is energized by this particular moon. Transmutation and conjuration magic tend both are stronger and last longer under the effects of this moon. Dispelling and other abjuration effects aren't quite as useful as normal. If a manifest zone appears near or even within another pre-existing zone, magic fluctuates wildly and is rather unpredictable. It should be noted that to date, no Kythri zone has interacted with a Daanvi zone.</p>

<p>This plane is commonly associated with acts of war and violence. Manifest zones only develop in large-scale battlefields with combating Fiends and Angels sometimes being spotting in these areas. It is a common superstition that weapons forged on battlegrounds are much deadlier, but they can become cursed or even sentient weapons. Alongside Lamannia, it is also believed that barbarians get their superhuman physical abilities from this plane. In general, weapons or otherwise physical attacking does greater damage, while non-damaging spells have a harder time taking hold.</p>

<p>The land of the dead. Other than the very pious, it seems that all souls go here after expiring. Shades of mortals wander the empty fields and valleys until they fade away, believed by some to be reincarnated soon after. Due to its unique mixture of positive and negative energy, true resurrection is channeled from this plane. Undead created from this plane tend to be the harmless or mindless sort, such as a standard, directionless zombie or a ghost held back by regrets. It is also home to highly territorial spirits that attack living interlopers. It is unknown what happens to the living who die there, so it is typically not  recommended to attempt to visit. Unoffensive necromantic magic works much better in these zones, although healing is weakened somewhat.</p>                           

<p>Tracking of this moon has proven difficult due to it always being in a darkened new state. Equally hard to keep track of is its manifest zones. All that is known about them is that they occur in extreme darkness and cause objects and sometimes people to disappear. This is rarer than it sounds, as most sources of light, including moonlight or even candlelight dispels this effect. Like Dolurrh, Mabar can cause undead phenomenon, but it always results in hostile, ravenous undead. Offensive necromancy and magic involving trickery work much better under its influence, but can also have unintended drawbacks or backlashes on the user.</p>

<p>Characterized by a strange, green glow, this moon often causes uneasiness to people who look at it for too long. It is the original home of the Daelkyr, strange, powerful beings who attacked Eberron millennia ago. It was during the war with the Daelkyr that a group of druids known as the Gatekeepers created numerous great sigils that sealed off Xoriat from the world. The moon still orbits, but whatever energies it is host to is inaccessible to the world and any manifest zones were 'locked' in place. These zones tend to generate a sense of unease and are remarkably easy to get lost in. Magic that affects fear and clouds judgement are more potent, as well as reducing resistancesto such effects. Psychic abilities and other forms of mental magic can also have unpredictable side effects.</p>


<p>Not actually a moon, but it is the closest heavenly body to Eberron. In myth, believed to be the shattered remains of the dragon Siberys after his betrayal by Khyber. The ring is made from Siberys dragonshards, and is believed by some to be the source of magic in the world.</p>

<p>A ring of asteroids that loops around much of the planet's system. It is believed to have once been a moon, but was destroyed by the Giants in an attempt to stop an invasion of nightmare creatures. This is difficult to prove or disprove due to the Giant's disappearance from the world shortly after this war. It is believed by some that the plane associated is a shared dreamscape amongst mortals. Some evidence has arisen for this, mostly regarding existence of the aforementioned nightmares, and through corroboration between those with psionic abilities. There are no known manifest zones and other than a link to psionic energy.</p>